Chapter 4 Questions

Action game(Call of Duty)

a.This is a shooter subgenre that belong to action games.
It is consider an action game due to its fast-paced gameplay the revolves on player physical abilities spesifically to aim and shoot.

b.Call of Duty is mostly a shooter games but one can also say that it does properties of an RPG.
The new COD ww11 games are even qualifies as an RGP due to its roleplaying traits.
With the ability to rank up, level up, and obtain varying scores in both campaign and multiplayer modes by way of enemy elimination makes this argument a bit overwhelming.
This how ever does not make COD any means an RPG but is still a first person shooter.

c.COD is a 3d shooter that contain active challenges for players to interact and overcome.
It is a typical shooter games that differenciate with other game is game world.
The game world focuses on historical war settings enable player to experience a small fraction of the violence and chaos of war.

Stretegy game(Starcraft)

a.Starcraft is a game that forces the player to make decisions around strategic conflicts making it a strategy game.
Often it would require the player to micro manage units and create diferent strategy to overwhelm the opposing enemy and win the game.

b.Starcraft is a game that stays true to its genre and does not comprise the game play by adding unessesary mechanics.
Beside exploring the map to uncover the fog of war the unit does not do much exploration nor is their scenes to cut the gameplay.

c.Starcraft is very much Basic when it comes to its genre. 
It is a real-time strategy game that multiple game features such as diplomacy, espionage, economic challenges, and unit production.
Much to say about Starcraft makes it a very competitive games that some people dedicate their lives playing this game. 
Since, the complexity of the game is rather difficult to grasp the targeted audience tend to be of young adults or higher limiting it to the younger audience.

RPG games( The Elder Scrolls)

a.By far my favourite genre and the game that took my friends through hours of games play.
The Elder Scroll series is an RPG game thats coposed by multiple main quests and hundreds of replayable mini quest that one can emerse hours of game play as they level their avatars.

b.Set in a 3d fantasy world this game is an RPG. Like most RPG this has touches the sub genre of action-adventure,fast puzzle,dance and rhythm,and fighting.
Due to it's massive quest line the player is often confronted with many challenges that includeds solving riddles to open doors , matching sounds in character interactions, or just bassically using magic to incinerate your enemy in combat.

c.This game is very typical for its genre. 
It diferent from the other game due to its amazing story telling that tackles real situation and it enourmous game world.
Like most RPG, the player has insane amounts of freedom in terms of exploration, coversation options, and adjustable core mechanics.
Elder Scrolls specifically give the player multiple outcomes to the branch choices your Avatar makes a change the outcome of the game accordingly.
ei. In skyrim the player have the option to choose which of the alliance would win in the war. 
The core mechanics itself was also massive giving th player many attributes to choose from to customize their avartars as they please.
The target audience for this are mostly young adults due to its graphic content. 
The Elder Srolls series is not yet completed with more content that comes on the ESO.

Sport games(FIFA)

a.FIFA is a sport game that primarly focus on the player controlling a team of soccer players on a match play mode.
The player utalizes thier reflexes, timing, and fast decision making skills to manuver through the field to score a goal on the opposite team.

b.This game does not cross genre. 

c.This game is very typical for its genre.
FIFA is much favoured than other games like PES due to its more pleasureable game play, and great player presentation.
Currently,FIFA 18 is making real strides in its core action. It is more responsive, fizzy and physical.
Crossing is much better judged and dribbling is more precise.
Ofcourse, when it comes to sport games most of the audience would be the fan of the player or the sport itself.