Exercises Chapter 2
1.Games that failed 
	market-driven
	-resident evil 6 (same concept as the predesor with little changes)
	design-driven
	-No Man sky(driven to be a vast playing field this game lacks a good combat system   )
	license-driven
	-Marvel vs Capcom:infinity(low budgeting causing the a poor character design)
	technology-driven
	-Crysis (used to showcase crytecks engine the game itsself was bad)
	art-driven
	-sword of the stars 2:lords of winter(praised for its graphics had complicated game play)

2.Super Mario Bros 3
a.concept is to go through different maps to save the kidnaped princess by ultimate defeating the boss using the power ups you collected through the previous maps. It's an action adventure platformer genre. It is done by 2d animation rendering using sprites.The audio would be prerecorded and inserted to the game accompanying the background and the different sound effects of Mario's movement.Every aspect of the game will be shown in the canvass codded with a camera to tract Marios movement hightlingting the world on the background. All this would be in a steam for pcs, targeting old generation player who wants to feel the nostalgia of the good days and new curios individual who wants experience the thrill of the past.

b.Well the question a designer of a game ultimate ask them self when making the game is "Is it fun?".For instance Konno himself struggle to make the micro goomba that stunt Mario enemies therefore, this made Miyamoto think of different solution to make to make the game more fun by making Mario jump into a block on top of him in turn creating the stunt effect. This small detail doesn't make much of a different but it make make the functionality of the game more cohesive making the experience of the player enjoyable.

c.If the game it self was design today I would not change the one sigle bit. The only time I should consider is releasing it to different sources. This is due to the fact that this iconic game is a legend changing the design would only insult the player who knows and love the game for was it was.

3.Bacon Bits
Concept/Genre-shmup(ship fries the bacon off by shooting lazers at it)
Technical structure design-consist of player control(screen-oriented steering),interface for lives and points.
Game system design- core mechanics> challenge> perspective>output >player input>interaction>action>repeat.
Shell menu design- play, Pause Button, Game controls, & New Game
Player interaction- shoot
Audio design- Simple sound effect(lazer effect) & background music that changes tempo as it goes closer to the charecter(sothing like space invaders).
Target audience- Casual gamer Everyone
Key characters- The Lazer Ship 
Hardware Platforms(s)- Mobile, & Arcade 
Game world design(dimensions,features,UI)- 2d display,siglescreen.